bpo-44524: Add missed __name__ and __qualname__ to typing module objects (#27237)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2021-07-19-14-04-42.bpo-44524.Nbf2JC.rst

> Add missed ``__name__`` and ``__qualname__`` attribute to ``typing`` module
> objects. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add missing ``__name__`` and ``__qualname__`` attributes to ``typing`` module
classes. Patch provided by Yurii Karabas.
```
